DOCS-12174 Microsoft Outlook 365 1.0 (#1643)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-outlook-365/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/microsoft-outlook-365-connector-reference.adoc

| TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  Configures TLS. If using the HTTPS protocol, you must configure TLS.  |  |
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  Configures a reconnection strategy to use when a connector operation fails to connect to an external server. |  |
| Consumer Key a| String | OAuth consumer key, as registered with the service provider. |  | x
| Consumer Secret a| String |  OAuth consumer secret, as registered with the service provider. |  | x
| Authorization Url a| String |  URL of the service provider's authorization endpoint. |  https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenant}/oauth2/v2.0/authorize |
| Access Token Url a| String |  URL of the service provider's access token endpoint. |  https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenant}/oauth2/v2.0/token |
| Scopes a| String |  OAuth scopes to request during the OAuth dance. This value defaults to the scopes in the annotation. |  |
| Resource Owner Id a| String |  Resource owner ID to use with the authorization code grant type. |  |
| Before a| String |  Name of the flow to execute immediately before starting the OAuth dance. |  |

> | After a| String |  Name of the flow to execute immediately after receiving an accessToken. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| After a| String |  Name of the flow to execute immediately after receiving an access token. |  |
```

| Listener Config a| String |  Configuration for the HTTP listener that listens for requests on the access token callback endpoint. |  | x
| Callback Path a| String |  Path of the access token callback endpoint. |  | x
| Authorize Path a| String |  Path of the local HTTP endpoint that triggers the OAuth dance. |  | x
| External Callback Url a| String |  URL that the OAuth provider uses to access the callback endpoint if the endpoint is behind a proxy or accessed through an indirect URL. |  |
| Object Store a| String |  Configures the object store that stores data for each resource owner. If not configured, Mule uses the default object store. |  |
|===
[[Outlook365Config_OauthClientCredentials]]
===== OAuth v2.0 Client Credentials

> The OAuth 2.0 client credentials grant accesses web-hosted resources by using the identity of the application.

Reviewer: The OAuth 2.0 client credentials grant access to web-hosted resources by using the identity of the application.

> The OAuth 2.0 client credentials grant accesses web-hosted resources by using the identity of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth 2.0 client credentials grant access to web-hosted resources by using the identity of the application.
```

Author: looks like the name itself is "OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials Grant" so grant is part of the name instead of a verb

Reviewer: How about this wording to avoid the confusion?

The OAuth 2.0 client credentials grant gets access to...

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration used to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. The default is to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Binary
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Outlook365Config>>

=== Throws

* OUTLOOK365:BAD_REQUEST
* OUTLOOK365:CONNECTIVITY
* OUTLOOK365:FORBIDDEN
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CONNECTION
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CREDENTIALS
* OUTLOOK365:NOT_FOUND
* OUTLOOK365:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* OUTLOOK365:SERVER_ERROR
* OUTLOOK365:TIMEOUT
* OUTLOOK365:VALIDATION

[[GetEvent]]
== Get Event
`<outlook365:get-event>`

> Gets the properties and relationships of the specified event object. Currently, this operation returns event bodies in only HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the properties and relationships of the specified event object. Currently, this operation returns event bodies in HTML only.
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration used to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. The default is to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Binary
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Outlook365Config>>

=== Throws

* OUTLOOK365:BAD_REQUEST
* OUTLOOK365:CONNECTIVITY
* OUTLOOK365:FORBIDDEN
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CONNECTION
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CREDENTIALS
* OUTLOOK365:NOT_FOUND
* OUTLOOK365:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* OUTLOOK365:SERVER_ERROR
* OUTLOOK365:TIMEOUT
* OUTLOOK365:VALIDATION

[[GetMessageAttachment]]
== Get Message Attachment
`<outlook365:get-message-attachment>`

> Reads the properties and relationships of an attachment that is attached to a user message. You can append the path segment /$value to get the raw contents of a file or item attachment.

Reviewer: Use backticks for /$?

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration used to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. The default is to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Outlook365Config>>

=== Throws

* OUTLOOK365:BAD_REQUEST
* OUTLOOK365:CONNECTIVITY
* OUTLOOK365:FORBIDDEN
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CONNECTION
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CREDENTIALS
* OUTLOOK365:NOT_FOUND
* OUTLOOK365:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* OUTLOOK365:SERVER_ERROR
* OUTLOOK365:TIMEOUT
* OUTLOOK365:VALIDATION

[[SendMessage]]
== Send Message
`<outlook365:send-message>`

> Sends a message in the draft folder. The draft message can be a new message draft, reply draft, reply-all draft, or a forward draft. The message is then saved in the Sent Items folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends a message in the draft folder. The draft message can be a new message draft, reply draft, reply-all draft, or forward draft. The message is then saved in the Sent Items folder.
```

** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit value for the *Read Timeout* field. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration used to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. The default is to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Outlook365Config>>

=== Throws

* OUTLOOK365:BAD_REQUEST
* OUTLOOK365:CONNECTIVITY
* OUTLOOK365:FORBIDDEN
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CONNECTION
* OUTLOOK365:INVALID_CREDENTIALS
* OUTLOOK365:NOT_FOUND
* OUTLOOK365:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* OUTLOOK365:SERVER_ERROR
* OUTLOOK365:TIMEOUT
* OUTLOOK365:VALIDATION

== Sources

> [[ModifiedEventListener]]

Reviewer: If this is NOT a REST connector, all of the sources should have a description.

* Configure a larger buffer size to avoid the number of times Mule needs to write the buffer on disk. This increases performance, but it also limits the number of concurrent requests your application can process, because it requires additional memory.

* Configure a smaller buffer size to decrease memory load at the expense of response time. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | Unit for the *In Memory Size* field. |  |
|===

[[ODataQueryParams]]
=== O Data Query Params

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Select a| String |  |  |
| Count a| Boolean |  | false |
| Expand a| String |  |  |
| Filter a| String |  |  |
| Format a| String |  |  |
| Order By a| String |  |  |
| Search a| String |  |  |
| Skip a| Number |  |  |
| Top a| Number |  |  |
|===

[[RepeatableInMemoryIterable]]
=== Repeatable In Memory Iterable

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Initial Buffer Size a| Number | The number of instances to initially keep in memory to consume the stream and provide random access to it. If the stream contains more data than can fit into this buffer, then the buffer expands according to the bufferSizeIncrement attribute, with an upper limit of maxInMemorySize. | 100 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initial Buffer Size a| Number | The number of instances to initially keep in memory to consume the stream and provide random access to it. If the stream contains more data than can fit into this buffer, then the buffer expands according to the *Buffer Size Increment* field, with an upper limit of maxInMemorySize. | 100 |
```

== On Modified Event
`<outlook365:modified-event-listener>`

> Triggers a flow for modified events.

Reviewer: I think this wording is better. Regarding trigger vs initiate - they can be interchangeable but because some of the docs call sources trigger, I avoid the term in descriptions - up to you whether to use it or not.

Initiates a flow when an event is modified.

Author: I like yours a lot better!

== On New Email
`<outlook365:new-email-listener>`

> Triggers a flow for new received emails.

Reviewer: Initiates a flow when a new email is received.

== On New Event
`<outlook365:new-event-listener>`

> Triggers a flow for new events.

Reviewer: Initiates a flow when a new event is detected.
